applications: nrf_desktop: Update event propagation arrays (#2168)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/bas.rst

Module Events
*************

.. include:: event_propagation.rst
    :start-after: table_bas_start
    :end-before: table_bas_end

> See the :ref:`nrf_desktop_architecture` for basic information about the event-based communication in the nRF Desktop application and this table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`nrf_desktop_architecture` for more information about the event-based communication in the nRF Desktop application and about how to read this table.
```

Module Events
*************

> .. include:: generated/event_propagation/bas.rst

Reviewer: Question: how can we, tehc writers, or anyone else update these tables in the future, if they need updates?
